# queercoding

A site for the LGBT community who want to embark on a career in coding.

I was inspired to create this project by the incredibly strong, resilient, and brave LGBT people I've had the pleasure of knowing. I was also inspired by the immense pain I've seen, the drug addictions, suicides, and agony I've seen. I write this thinking of M.

Coming out is hard. People kicked out of their houses, fired from their jobs, lose all their possessions, burn out all their friendships for staying too long on the couch - solely because they wanted to be free to be who they are. I can't help people through the pain, I can't offer my couch to everyone. But, once things are stabilized, I can help you make up for lost time; once your past is settled, and your present is safe, I can help you build a future. That is - if you want a future in tech. That's about all I'm qualified to help with.

I'm not a teacher, but there's no need for me to be, at this point - the internet is stuffed with instructions on how to learn to code. It's honestly overwhelming - it can be hard to know where to start, and where to go next. As a self-taught developer, I'm pretty good at navigating that stuff. We're working on putting together a few basic paths which should be enough to get people started in a few different areas that you might be interested in. Check out the _overview of languages_ page to learn more about that. Once you feel like you're ready to reach out, I can set you up with a project to call your own. Check out the _Your Project_ page to learn more.

Software engineering, web development, back end or front end development, DevOps, DevSecOps, GitOps, data science, infosec - there are so many options, and they're all really interesting and rewarding career paths. It will take some dedication and motivation to get from 0 to employable, but we won't pressure you, and we won't shame you if you disappear for a few months, or years. We get it. Do your best and we'll do our best to help. (See the _Yes but What Have You Done For Me Lately_ page to learn exactly what the details of what we can, and can't, do for you.)

The internet was built on people giving their knowledge away for free; it started that way, it continued that way, and it's still like that today...mostly. There are generations of free content that could make you a master of computer science - or, more realistically, there's enough to get you a nice, comfortable job with health benefits, vacation days, all that nice stuff. There are generations of software engineers, developers, etc, that are all self taught, and they all started where you are now. You can do it!
